TBS Reg inline hook and progressive profile support (#3294)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/archive-registration-inline-hook/main/nodejs/send-response.md

For this example, only emails that contain "example.com" are allowed to self-register. You can also include an `error` object in the response for users that are denied self-registration.

> See the [response properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-the-response-from-okta) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.

Author: ```suggestion
See the [response properties](/docs/reference/registration-hook/#objects-in-response-you-send) of a Registration Inline Hook for full details.
```
